

	Jimmy had just finished creating his Java program. He had just learned how to do 
recursive method calling, and was extremenly proud of what he had made. One day, he was 
tinkering around with his program when all of a sudden, like magic, flashes of light burst 
out of his computer and enveloped his entire body, sucking him literally right into his own 
program. He felt okay about his situation, realizing that he would just have to wait until 
he arrived at the base case in order to return to the real world. There was just one major 
problem: he had made the rookie mistake of forgetting to write a base case for his program.

	
	Afraid, lost, and confused, Jimmy wandered around this new virtual world. Without a base
case there was absolute chaos. Bugs and exceptions swarmed him. How would he get out of this problem?! 
With little knowledge of where he was, or what to do, Jimmy did what he always did when he was scared. He reached
into his back pocket and pulled out his Java for Dummies book. Swatting away bugs, errors, and exceptions while reading
the book was hard,  but Jimmy was able to read the chapter on base cases for Java programs. Suddenly, Jimmy's body started
to glow as he became One with Java. Lines of code appeared in front of his head, and he could manipulate the program at will.
Jimmy spent days in the program, learning the ins and outs of Java, and writing code that would get him out of this virtual hell...

	Because the loop is recursiv, everyday Jimmy gets up, the bugs and Exceptions still exists
as the first day he enters the virtual world. He learns and tries every single day. Even he failed to
send him back to reallity for days, His programming skills improved, and knowledge kept in his brain although
the reciursion continues. He believes that he will be able to write this recursion without syntax, compile, and logic 
error very soon.

The recursive method was very difficult and it was tough to complete it in time. It was in the process
of completing the base case and figuring out the recursive algorithm for going through the whole list. The 
program was very tough to complete given the time constraints. Hopefully, I had enough to complete the project
on time and within the specific parameters. Finally, after brainstorming for hours on, the program had the correct
algorithm to recursively make it through the tests and to complete it through.

	However, Jimmy still had to deal with the fact that he was stuck inside of 
a program. Yes, a computer screen full of text and lines. However, luckily, after 
passing his recursion tests, sudden white flashes appeared, and he was spit back 
out into reality. Thankful and relieved to be back in reality, he swore from that 
day on that he would never forget to add a base case to any of his recursive algorithms.
